README.md, before:

# PuzzleMaker

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/puzzle_maker`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'puzzle_maker'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install puzzle_maker

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake spec` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/puzzle_maker.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Describe gem and usage in readme file

README.md, after:

# PuzzleMaker

Finds appropriate answers from list of provided answers which will match to the result of the puzzle.
Let say that we have following list of answers:

[ CAR, GREEN, BUNDLER, RAILS, GSUB, YELLOW ]

and result of puzzle is  RUBY

then puzzle maker should return following list of answers

[ CAR, BUNDLER, GSUB, YELLOW ]

Which produce puzzle such:

|   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |   |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|   | C | A | **R** |   |   |   |   |   |
|   |   | B | **U** | N | D | L | E | R |
| G | S | U | **B** |   |   |   |   |   |
|   |   |   | **Y** | E | L | L | O | W |



## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'puzzle_maker'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install puzzle_maker

## Usage

```ruby
answers = %w[CAR GREEN BUNDLER RAILS GSUB YELLOW]
result = 'RUBY'
puzzle_maker = PuzzleMaker.new(answers: answers, result: result)
puzzle_maker.create
puzzle_maker.answer # gets the right answers

```

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/puzzle_maker.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
